It's people who are the hacker hymen.
I'll teach you guys how to take a video.
Your beauty in the same nail has this
I turn I played here a number of
Spanish and Turkish since my pc to
show you
deserve you go small on run
start typing regedit typed
appear here will be like this but will see
in this place here is current hq
user software microsoft
Windows
one of the fun and rum is going okay
the programs that neither your pc
here already detected the brain says panel
that as I know the Spanish site is not
first I see the place he is here
You'll see that it's here.
is the standard of the Spanish china has the
to change
I already know what's good, so I'm going to click.
I'm going to give it a delete here.
so let's mark in another key location
machine software microsoft windows
currentversion 11
here is going to see here you have again
spanish world is qs to be point ash
This goes there and it will include beauty.
There you can not erase what you do not
Are you sure there are some files
from windows to this here it just appears here
I do not want him this year, I want him to
Do you want what it is that the percentage
6 as something wrong and that at
sometimes some windows file does not
I exclude if you're sure it's you.
know the name of the star has the brand
sasha that everything is here also for
example, take it is stay is mt sw a
personal hygiene business so there you already
see there is already take out is not that there
thanks you said too much